
Drinks
------
Apple Juice
2500 Kyats
The majority of apple juice is fortified with vitamin C. Vitamin C is crucial for the growth and repair of cells. It also helps heal wounds, builds strong teeth, skin, bones and cartilage and is critical to a healthy immune system.

Orange Juice
2500 Kyats
Orange juice is a good source of vitamin C, thiamin, (vitamin B1), folate and potassium. Vitamin C is crucial for the growth and repair of cells. It also helps build strong bones, healthy teeth, skin, and cartilage, and is critical to a healthy immune system. Thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, helps the body process energy from the food we eat and is important for muscle function and a healthy nervous system. Folate helps your body produce healthy cells and genetic material like DNA. For pregnant women, getting enough folate helps prevent birth defects such as spina bifida. Finally, potassium is critical to maintaining a healthy fluid balance and blood pressure, and also supports nerve and muscle function.

Grape Juice
2500 Kyats
Many grape juices are fortified with Vitamin C. Vitamin C is crucial for the growth and repair of cells. It also helps build strong bones, healthy teeth, skin, and cartilage, and supports a healthy immune system. In addition, some grape juices are fortified with calcium and fiber. Check your label to determine the daily value in your favorite grape juice.

Cranberry Juice
2500 Kyats
The majority of cranberry juice is fortified with vitamin C. Vitamin C is crucial for the growth and repair of cells. It also helps heal wounds, builds strong teeth, skin, bones and cartilage and is critical to a healthy immune system.

Carrot Juice
2500 Kyats
Carrot juice is a good source of vitamin C, vitamin A (in the form of beta-carotene) and potassium. Vitamin C is crucial for the growth and repair of cells, as well as immune function. Vitamin A is important for immune function, reproductive and eye health. Potassium is essential for managing the body’s fluid balance, supporting healthy blood pressure, nerve and muscle function.

Tomato Juice
2500 Kyats
Tomato juice is a good source of vitamin A, vitamin C and potassium. Vitamin A is important for immune function, reproductive and eye health. Vitamin C is needed for the growth and repair of cells and is important for immune function. Potassium is essential for managing the body’s fluid balance, supporting healthy blood pressure, nerve and muscle function.


Beverages
---------
Tiger Beer
4000 Kyats
Tiger Beer is a Singaporean beer brand that was first launched in 1932. It is one of the world's largest beer brands, and is brewed using high-quality ingredients like barley from Europe and Australia, and hops from Germany. Tiger Beer is a light lager with an alcohol volume of 5.0 Vol, and is known for being bold, crisp, and full-bodied. The beer is brewed using a strict process that takes over 500 hours, and uses a unique brewing process called "Cold Suspension" to filter the brew at -1 degree Celcius. This process preserves the beer's desired flavors and aromas.

Heniken Beer
5000 Kyats
Heineken is a pale lager beer with 5% alcohol by volume (ABV) that was first introduced in the Netherlands in 1873. It's made with malted barley, hops, water, and yeast, and sold in a green bottle with a red star. Heineken is brewed in more than 70 countries and offered in more than 200 countries.

Snacks
-------
Lay's Classic Potato Chips
3500 Kyats
Each bag of LAY’S Classic Flavor Potato Chips is a little reminder of how good the simple things are. Nothing is as perfectly seasoned as the traditional taste and crispy crunch that has made LAY’S Classic Flavor Potato Chips an American favorite for over 75 years. Where there are smiles, there are LAY’S Potato Chips.

Lay's Wavy Chips
3500 Kyats
Wherever celebrations and good times happen, the LAY'S brand will be there just as it has been for more than 75 years. With flavors almost as rich as our history, we have a potato chip or crisp flavor guaranteed to bring a smile on your face.

Lay's Barbecue Chips
3500 Kyats
Wherever celebrations and good times happen, the LAY'S brand will be there just as it has been for more than 75 years. With flavors almost as rich as our history, we have a chip or crisp flavor guaranteed to bring a smile on your face.

Grills
-------
Chipotle Tofu & Pineapple Skewers
8000 Kyats


